Update README.md (#13)
lumapps-marketplace/lumapps-extension-code-sample: micro-app/ServiceNow ticket list/README.md

- Create a new micro-app according to [Declare your micro-app extension](https://developer.lumapps.com/portal/documentation/micro-app-steps/declare-your-microapp-extension.md). You can use the following icon url: `https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/57/ServiceNow_logo.svg/220px-ServiceNow_logo.svg.png`.

> ## Step 1: Get the end user s

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 1: Get the end users
```

> ## Step 1: Get the end user s

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Step 1: Get the end user's email
```

Reviewer 2: @grentlich commit my or Gregory's suggestion (click "commit suggestion") or make your own changes to fix the typo

> Create an API Call named `getuser` according to the following endpoint as a GET Method:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Create an API Call named `getuser` using the following endpoint, with the GET Method:
```

> /api/now/table/sys_user?sysparm_query=email=${user.email}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`/api/now/table/sys_user?sysparm_query=email=${user.email}`
```

## Step 2: Get the list of tickets - API Call

Create an API Call named `ticket_list_api` using the following endpoint as a GET Method: 

> /api/now/table/incident?sysparm_limit=5&sysparm_query=caller_id=${actions.getuser.response.body.result[0].sys_id}^stateNOT%20IN7

Reviewer: Are you sure of this URL ? the `^` is uncommon

Reviewer 2: @grentlich check if you made an error in the endpoint:
/api/now/table/incident?sysparm_limit=5&sysparm_query=caller_id=${actions.getuser.response.body.result[0].sys_id}^stateNOT%20IN7

If you are sure the endpoint is tested and correct you can add a comment to confirm this.

Author: oui

> /api/now/table/incident?sysparm_limit=5&sysparm_query=caller_id=${actions.getuser.response.body.result[0].sys_id}^stateNOT%20IN7

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`/api/now/table/incident?sysparm_limit=5&sysparm_query=caller_id=${actions.getuser.response.body.result[0].sys_id}^stateNOT%20IN7`
```
